
To install the entire NA package and all demonstration programs for
Receiver function inversion


	1.) Edit makena.macros to suit your platform. This file contains
	    information about where certain programs reside on your machine.
            Templates for several systems are in the subdirectory macros
            If a suitable template exists you could

            cp macros/makena.macros_sun makena.macros         (for f77 on a sun)
            cp macros/makena.macros_linux_intel makena.macros (for f90 on linux)
            cp macros/makena.macros_linux makena.macros       (for g77 on linux)

	    and then edit makena.macros if need be. See HTML documentation for 
	    further details. 

	2.) to compile and install type
	    
	    >make all

	
If all goes well you will get a message confirming that installation 
was successful and a series of programs will appear in Demo/bin

These are
	   rfi_na        : executable for example program running NA routines.
	   splot-x       : scatter plot program for plotting models to screen.
	   splot-p       : As above but out to postscript (see HTML manual)
	   readnad       : A simple program that checks the header information
			   in the direct access (NAD) file produced by 
			   NA routines (used to store results of NA). 
	   nad2asc	 : A simple conversion routine from NAD to ASCII
	   asc2nad	 : A simple conversion routine from ASCII to NAD
	   nad2nad       : A simple filter program that transforms a NAD file.
	   
           Extra programs used for display of results in RF Inversion.

	   plot_model    : Plots 1-D seismic models produced in RF Inversion.  
	   plot_rf-x     : Plots a best fit Receiver function (to screen)  
	   plot_rf-p     : As above but postscript output.
	   synrf         : Generates a synthetic receiver function from 
			   input mseismic model.
	   synrf_noise   : Generates a synthetic receiver function with noise.


All programs are run from the data directory (or subdirectories) 

cd Demo/data


Note that if you want to remove all files associated with the Demo
program this can be done with

cd Demo/src
make remove_demo

This will save approximately 7Mb (out of 9Mb in the unpacked tar file)
Once done the files can only be restored from the original tar file,
and the `make all' command will no longer work. 

If you do this then the top level rfi source file (rfi_na.F) containing 
the calls to the NA routines is not deleted and may still be used as 
a template for new programs.

